penetrate and
expose it
Rain cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream h fire gasoline make it rainbow
dream smash the [ __ ] and S Iris when she
float up flying through the night make
you feel all right cat spells of
volcanoes use lava liquid draano two CS
of purple hazes that's with the witches
blazing Liquid Smoke Kickstart the
broomstick up in the sky with balloons
my does ain't too pck Tommy Chong P pass
you want it you only need a little bit
of dragon Venom drips Dr fever DEC
scripts Darkness through dreams Penny
wise lovely ladies no I'm
it that stuff they
own it gets right on top of
them hope you're not busy for a few
days I dream the Chron process foods oh
L I think to bring the brain Make It
Rain burn it
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire gas
make it rainbow
dream welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is better the Muse and I want to thank
you for coming out this Friday thank you
for coming out thank you chewy for
prepping us and for having such great
images they're there for you satanic
congregation and your brain cleansing
what just keep
reading I have a demonic desire to hear
you say oh God give give me the next one
fantastic thank you for coming tonight
thank you for coming great shout outs to
everybody in the congregation people who
are coming here who are not coming here
to pay for mugs and
t-shirts yes we're not coming here to
pay for anything it's so nice to be here
when you're not giving me any money and
I'm not taking any from you because this
is sacred
ground this is the bed of the Muse and
tonight I am gonna take
you to a
place and then we're gon to split in
half and I'm going to take half of us
one place and the other half another oh
my God you're going to see the
continuation of what you've been seeing
tonight I'm bringing you the dark Bible
this is the Bible that was there
historically before this section was
kicked out of it it's too much said the
men with the vows not to touch
them we're going to see a mystery what
on What do I always bring you I'm
bringing you tonight the Eucharist baby
you want to see the Eucharist do you
really do you want to see an early
Christian Eucharist do you want to see
one put on by the students of the dude
himself do you want to see it we've got
it it's in the text it is beautiful
indeed it is hail Satan right hail Satan
love it fantastic but before before we
begin our journey tonight we have to
start with a question is amond Davon
possessed is I'm and demon possessed
Joey the poll is pretty positive isn't
it wow okay let's bring up a witness
let's I just want to bring up a
witness somebody who can say it like it
is it's with my great pleasure that I I
don't know what this person's name is
but I could not pass this up people
because it's a Friday night and you need
a
freebie you need do you see do you see
how it is to tear Spirit from flesh do
you see do you want to see here
everybody put on your gloves tonight
we're gonna have the
palpate where is he bring him in come
here it was oppressive to listen to
spiritually oppressive demonically so
demonically so I'm being perfectly
serious and I believe it's spiritually
oppressive because I believe Ammon
Hilman is
demonized I see no other explanation 1.4
million that shows a
Lust For
unbelief a Lust For unbelief
these are people who want a
reason to not bow the knee to Jesus
Christ and he will give you the reason
if you believe him you will never ever
even consider the claims of
Christ that's why it's
demonic
and one of
the gifts that God has given to this
ministry is the ability
to
refute this kind of not just heresy not
just lies not just
fals this is diabolical Insanity I'm
worried about the 1.4 million people
that have heard this stuff and then they
they don't they can't figure out what
he's saying they're just going to repeat
bits and pieces of it and you are going
to end up being the person you yeah I'm
pointing to you you're going to be the
person that ends up sitting across the
table from somebody at a youth Gathering
a
school whatever else might be and you're
G to start getting hit with stuff you've
never even heard of before where's it
coming from right
there oh
God you're gonna be at your meeting with
little Timmy in your school what's going
to happen you know what's going to
happen Joor
who's the daddy of little Lisa he's
going to walk up and say did you know
Jesus Christ was arrested in a public
park with a naked kid at 4:00
a.m. and it's gonna what do you want to
live in a world like that do you want to
live in a world like that do you see
what
happens this is not the first time that
Ammon has ever been been accused of
being demon-possessed it is not it is
not it is an old
accusation it is an old
accusation as
old as the great
media yes it's fantastic show oh God do
they want meet man okay bring them up
we're gonna talk about Thomas tonight so
bring him up Tom thank you for joining
us now remember thanks to Jesus Christ
Tom can now walk around without his skin
has everybody been sealed tonight do you
see him here he comes here he comes okay
take him down it's like a circus Che you
want this don't you you want it yes the
People Want it tell me tell me how much
man they love it okay let's keep going
let's keep going before the prudish
people decide to step out right oh God
no let's just push forward and kick them
all out I love it love it oh hell Satan
yeah media right where were we we were
with media we were looking at that right
right this is how it all
starts this is how it all starts where
is the demon
possession where is the demon possession
that's what the inquiry asked when a
crowd of parents
stood with the
bishop in an inquiry as to whether this
guy is demon possessed or not yes do you
understand now this is coming to you
from somebody who's got Greek on his
shirt you must believe him you must
believe him this is the
standard this is the standard Fair that
they will throw at you right this guy is
an authority first of all your gamas are
oops salons you've got it backwards what
are you doing by the way and that Sigma
that's not classical bra um no that's
Byzantine uh so really it's
nonsense um if you're walking around
with a t-shirt full of nonsense here's
your problem problem here's your problem
you don't really do that GRE and all of
us know you don't so you can't master it
you can't bring that forward to people
you can't free people with that
ether right that's what that's what
we're here to do that's what we're here
to
do so and look he said this in his
presentation whoever he is he said very
authoritatively right very
authoritatively
[Music]
yeah yeah um he knows and is in the
Greek so he's able to talk to you about
it in a way that you're not going to
understand because you're a dummy
because you're a dummy yeah um this is
Authority coming to you it's Authority
and here's the problem The Authority is
perjury it's a giant lie let me show you
are you ready you know what this [ __ ]
said this guy said coin a he said um
granted uh this he said granted hman
knows his classical Creek but the Bible
is written in
Co like it's a different
language welcome welcome you [ __ ]
welcome coin a is not a different line
language
you who don't actually read Greek but
pretend like you
do right I heard you quote it I heard
your seminarian accent sounds like you
got something stuck in your throat you
know what I
mean
yes right it's a um what is some people
say Co is a dialect and even I shy away
from that because unlike ionian or itic
or eolian or Dorian or
biosan right
youbi unlike
those dialectical
differences you know that are clearly
dialects coin a is a
process it is just the common
commonization it is the creating a base
for which we can all be comfortable with
and what do we have to do when we do
that we have to get rid of the
extremes when your language starts to
become common it loses its Elegance
that's why in the first and second
centuries ad there are authors like
gayen who are stepping up and saying
look look look look look right it's the
language is being dumbed down we have a
higher capacity so what are we going to
do we're going to bring in those
elements from adct Greece fifth century
because that's when you know if you're a
connoisseur of ancient Greek you know
you may like a little ionian science
every once in a while to charge your
brain but you may also have a finer
taste a little finer palette and you may
like that fifth century
tragedy yeah oh with those Dorian
choruses right fantastic so do you see
what I'm talking about the experts out
there have no idea
and they are leading you down an
Alleyway and there's usually somebody's
finger at the end of that
Alleyway
H am my demon
possessed yes I'm going to show you a
demon possession tonight I'm going to
show you a demon possession Now put on
your
uh tonight we've got to wear suits you
know we've got to make this professional
right um I want to make sure because the
material that I'm about to present to
you is of a delicate nature it's what
got kicked out of the Bible in the first
place right why because it was too nasty
it was too nasty what Jesus and his
apostles were doing it was too nasty
we're going to gangster G tonight we're
going to see him project yourself back
to
vampirism in all of its height Oh you
mean that Transylvania no I'm not
talking about Vlad I'm not talking about
any of that I'm talking about the
origins with the
Strangler the origins with the Strangler
and she who drinks your
blood oh God are you ready for this I
told you I would take you to the best
spot right if you go on with me I would
take you to the best best spot and we
will see it these are history's best
spots and tonight we're going to a
right all right first we got to start
with horror pure unadulterated horror
are you ready for a story that is going
to disturb
you yes yes it's the time of year for
those give me this is where that story
can be found the title of that story is
a section of the Holy Bible the acts of
Thomas that talks about the boy who
murders the girl this is the story of
the boy who murders the girl are you
ready let's give it to him chewy let's
give it to him Don't Close Your Eyes
blow it up I need a
big so um there was this young kid this
Nanos right and he did something
that was just unpardonable it's just
beyond the pale Beyond any sort of
Divine Law right so what did he do he
came
in and he took the
Eucharist he took it himself in his
mouth and what happened when he did it
both of his arms were
paralyzed yeah both of his arms arms
were paralyzed immedi paralyzed so much
he couldn't even reach his mouth he
couldn't reach his mouth and what
happened those that saw him they're like
oh you know I can't say what they said
but you know oh ho holy smokes
Batman this dude's paralyzed what what
did you get into the Eucharist for your
bone head even the amateurs know that
you don't mess with that stuff
unless you want to see the future or
die what's happening oh God that's silly
that silly kid right why did he do this
why did he well let's let's keep reading
what does it say so they
alerted they alerted uh Thomas right
they alerted Thomas and what did Thomas
do about it give me the next one what
did Thomas do about it he says you're
not going to believe this right right oh
God he says okay um take the kid and it
calls him a techn right so take the kid
and tell him don't be ashamed right come
here and tell us you know why what did
you do when you came there because the
Eucharist of the
Lord convicts you it shames you do you
know what that means do you realize the
word gospel in ancient Greek is the word
for the power of a
drug it's it's
gospel the effectiveness what the drug
does to you is its
gospel and what is happening here the
kid got to the Eucharist and as we all
know that none of we all
know those are heavy heavy heavy drug
containing substances that will knock
you flat man they use these to induce
death right the dudes who were on them
you walk up and kick them you got no
response nothing right you see people
and they're doing things to them they're
manipulating them while they're in this
state they give they gave them something
that they're saders they're sitting
there with that constant erection from
the drug called
cyrion oh God what's going on what's
going on do you
let's see let's see what at least we
have this kid all right let's see what
he does so tell us kid tell us what's
the story um so um you know because the
Eucharist is obviously it's working in
you right and look what it did now
Thomas goes on to tell him he says look
this blessed gift you know this thing
that's coming to us from God when we
give it to people who are Faith faithful
and within the love Do you know what
happens to them they're healed brother
well what happened to
you you've been shown to be a thing of
Shame okay and by the way this is the
same group of people that kills people
for not giving them money right Peter
James and John right ananas and saf held
backs and funds what happens in their
ganga World they get
oted right they get
smitten right except it's not the good
typ of smitten right it's a type where
you end up dead now did you know the
apostles killed
people oh oh I'm sorry you didn't know
that you didn't know that the followers
of Jesus Christ were murderers the the
dude who was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid at 4:00 a.m. screaming
I'm not a trafficker that guy
yeah his Apostles are cold blooded
Killers brother yeah coldblooded Killers
you've been
worshipping
gangsters
gangsters oh God it suddenly all makes
sense doesn't it it's fantastic it's
fantastic let's see what happens with
Thomas bring back that text let's see
where we're
going oh God yeah and the young guy he
was so he was so shamed by the Eucharist
of the Lord that he came in front of
Thomas and he fell down at his feet and
he he's in great need of him and he says
oh God what a terrible thing I've
done please realize I wasn't
intentionally trying to do harm right
but what happened well there was this
woman okay I'm saying all the time to
people that the
Eucharist in the Christian right from
the
beginning is an act of drug use coupled
with
sex okay drug use and sex
equal
Eucharist all right here we go don't she
want to be born again I want to be born
again right Praise Jesus no where's the
chorus let's go and find them anyway
here they are pull P pull that back up
and the kid is so convicted he falls
down his feet says I've done a terrible
thing I didn't mean to but there was
this woman that I fell for and do you
know what happened yeah she was living
outside the city in this little place
and look she loved me too right she
loved me too oh God let me hear what
this is terrible what's going to happen
did you bring any of these people chewy
right right let's bring them in let's
bring them in wait a minute this is a
Nanos right this is a Nanos the
diminutive of the person who is not yet
considered
adult right and how do we know that sep
Tuan says it dude says there's two types
there's those adult and there are those
nanas those younger than adult right
fantastic love it so youth is what we're
talking about youth now don't get all
Shakespeare and Romeo and Juliet on me
because this tragedy doesn't have a
happy ending give it tell me do you
notice how he switched
that why is it happy because they both
went to
hell now let's get to it right no that's
seriously oh I'm sorry we all end up
here right jokes on everyone right we
all end up there it's the process right
and that was glorious
dude well those two they walk around
like kings and queens down there okay
let's get to it um you uh here's the euk
uh it's the Eucharist and oh oh yeah and
she was in love with the reason that
we're here is the kid he's describing
before what happened right he had a
thing he had a thing for someone
right that doesn't sound so terrible
does it well let's see what happens
let's see what happens he came and he
trusted in Peter uh in Tom Thomas he
heard the word about this Lord this
Living Lord the Lord that Thomas
preached and he came he said to one of
these services and he received the seal
along with those other people and you
said right what did what did Thomas said
do the kid tell him you said
what whoever is going to enter into
intercourse in a
polluted state of
mixing most especially the best example
of it is straight up
fornication right this person isn't
going to have eternal life
right they're not going to be with the
God that I am announcing to you
now okay um it's a Prohibition look at
what's happening it's a
Prohibition so how do we not make that
mistake kids just being a kid you know
he's just trying to understand this is
coming from the same group that has holy
Unix okay keep that in mind keep that in
mind but he says um oh yeah okay so so
what what happens so um weeded the seal
and we entered into that communion you
said don't enter that communion R okay
okay um you said don't do it don't do it
Thomas says don't do it well is there a
right way to be cured of my sex
demons um instead of just going and
entering into a you know A love Union is
there some way oh and it turns out there
is watch this it turns out there is um
we're going to have to cast these demons
out of
you and once we cast the demons out of
you you'll be okay I'm not kidding you
I'm not kidding you are you ready this
is a sexual operation involving drugs
the christing is a reference to the
christing of drugs they're putting those
drugs into the
eyes fantastic give it to me give it to
me I don't know why people don't
um don't really say hallelujah here
right it's more like oh my God is it
gonna get bad yeah it's gonna get bad so
let me just read this to you um whoever
does this whoever enters into this
polluted Union um this type of person
doesn't get that that life with God
right you just don't it doesn't happen
right so um what did he say um I wanted
to get married right and I wanted to
very much take her into this state so I
told her about all this and I proposed
you become my sun oos in this specific
holy
Union that is the
polya of
Christianity right he says that this is
a very unique way to use this word POA
because what is tell you that's what you
do um as you're working for the city
right right that is the activity of the
citizen so what is the Christian
supposed to do about sex there are
citizens that you can have holy
intercourse with your spouse is not one
of them if you come to us we will cast
out your
demon your sex demon that bothers you so
much you know who I am I'm talking to
you you know who you are you know who
I'm talking to those sex demons right
chewy oh get down sex demons get back
get back let's whip some sex demons
shall we come here you sex
demon oh
you know you love
that okay here he comes are you ready
give me the text give me the next one
fantastic okay what is it saying let me
just say really quick to you we we're
going to enter in sweetie he says we're
going to enter in into this Christian
polya it's going to be holy and
spotless but you know what it's that
thing by the way which Thomas himself t
us
and uh what happened she didn't want
to she didn't want to
join she didn't want to be one of those
people she wanted to get married but she
didn't want to be one of those
people do you see what this
is do you see what this is okay so what
happens so he says since she didn't want
to I picked up a sword and I killed
her because I was not about to see her
defiled in some kind of sex act outside
of
Christianity oh God this poor this what
is he what grade is this oh my God what
is going
on what is going on what kind of drugs
are these people using do you see why
this part of the Bible was thrown out do
you see it was it it's a real danger
because not only does it not emphasize
anything that um today is accepted
Christianity but um the base of this is
a lot of kind of
heavy
lastic Society he's about to say in a
minute we're going to come across the
girl who's been killed right right we're
talking about the girl that's been
killed we're going to come across her
right chewy chewy knows it and what does
the text say says Thomas noticed that
she was really
hot and said this is a real shame and it
doesn't it doesn't compute unless you've
hung with Gangster
G and you know who gangster G is makes
perfect
sense all right bring us the text again
I think we're done I think we're done
with that one so yeah he killed her
right so she wouldn't have to thank you
very much now I'm gonna take you to
Story number
two wait a minute are you kidding me
you're just G to take us no we're gonna
see her
again we're gonna see the whole troop
but in order for us to really penetrate
I had to give you that concrete reality
ity and now I'm going to go backwards
and I'm going to give you the
underpinning I'm going to tell you
what's going on in the minds of the
people writing it are you ready this is
from the previous section and what I'm
doing is what the devil always
recommends it's an excellent it's an
excellent means of exposition and
explication right it's very scientific
we go one layer at a time right instead
of just cutting a trench and you got all
these no stop what you're doing right
don't you know what medicine is Right
history and Medicine people are
shocked people are shocked it's such
good stuff man this stuff really picks
you up what's our story about bring back
the title are you ready for your second
Story number two from your October
version of Lady Babylon are you ready
what is this it's a work about a
demon infesting the mind of a woman oh
god oh this is nice this is nice is this
guy demon possessed is this guy demon
possessed are you ready this is biblical
biblical people all right they threw out
the good parts are you ready I hope
Steve is watching
Steve calling big gangster ganger St
King oh God here's horror are you ready
no seriously I didn't make it up it's
already written I'm just translating
give me the next one here it is here's
the beginning of our story so the
Apostle Thomas he's coming along to the
city with a big crowd following him yeah
and he goes to the parents of that young
kid remember we talked about him last
how many how many how many young people
how many youths are going to be walking
around right by the way perverts they're
always talking about whether they're hot
or not right total
perverts pervert Christians right if you
are a Christian today and you don't
understand the Eucharist is a giant
perversion
what are you
doing if you were there on Sunday and
you got the real Eucharist you would
strip off your clothes exposing yourself
as having being in a state of sheer B
arousal then you would chase people you
do what they call the nymph
chasing dare I go any further Christians
oh God in the good old days of
Christianity this is why Baptists got
beheaded by dancing girls oh God this is
why Baptist got beheaded by dancing
girls you could you didn't actually say
that did you yeah I did you know what
I'd give half my kingdom
for get his head get his head sweetheart
says
Mommy right and she did she went for the
could I had anything went for the
head love it brought down his head where
did they put that
thing what what would you do with that
by the way you know it's your prize you
danced you did your job man great job
you know how many standing ovations did
salame get right oh God you know how
long it takes to figure out that skill
did you see what she
did oh my God people let's go back to
the
hallucinogens right here here we go here
we go so the apostles coming along the
city and he goes to the parents of the
kid the kid who had been killed by the
dragon now had been put into let me say
had been put into a death state by the
dragon he brought him back now we just
read that section and you know what the
dude or dudette who's writing this is a
fraking liar because before in the text
it very clearly said that the devil put
the kid into the death State and brought
him out of it okay all right no credit
no credit for the devil who are the
Liars who are the Liars here oh don't
eat that it's it's gonna make you die no
it's not your eyes are going to be
opened do you understand this is the
right the mystery was there in
helenistic Egypt in Alexandria when the
dude who
wrote the Old Testament in the 3 Century
BC when he was writing it the mystery
was already in fully
active right oh God do you see we get a
knockoff man your history is a complete
knockoff what you think I'm not talking
UFOs don't be stupid talk about UFOs and
those damn what do they call them oh God
God what are those quick chewy Give me
the give me the what is that I want to
Nephilim this guy in his in his anky do
come
here yeah yeah you will believe
anything you will believe
anything right not us not members the
satanic
congregation right we don't want that we
just want the text
you form your own conclusions just we're
going to look at the text you form your
own conclusions and I'm about to show
you something that's terrific let's
watch what happens okay are you ready
it's a Horror Story right so let's be
professional about it hit me hit me
because it's gonna impact people he went
to the parents house of this kid that he
had brought out of this death State and
what happens their whole they wanted him
to come in to their home right and hang
around right look what just happened he
brought him back fantastic and there's
this there's this woman there right and
what is she she's
panu oh God she is a ripe woman do you
know what I mean right that's literally
what that says she's ripe juicy
ripe juicy ripe lady come here juic see
ripe lady that's how they're talking
about it why do you talk like about
people like that right they're talking
about the boys the same way and why do
you talk about people like that because
you're a
dealer in
Souls the apostles are pimped by
Jesus and they go out to pimp others
this is Thomas
pimping in India
okay do you see what's spreading do you
see what's spreading you mean
Christianity was part of a sex right
that was pimping the
world yep converting the World by
pimping all of your crosses I just have
an announcement to you people all of
your crosses spit on them do you know
why Satanist spit on crosses when they
see them because it's a sign of the sail
of the Muse you prostitutes tried to
[ __ ] The Muse and what do you end up
getting what do you end up
getting your
destruction yeah your destruction
welcome welcome to your hell welcome
your God was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid a naked kid
[Applause]
there's no value in human life with
these people why do you think Abraham
was going to chop his kid up you know we
had a hard time presenting it people in
congregation please give chewy a big
round of applause because do you know
how many notices we
got for creating
images of Abraham sacrificing
Isaac remember that sh do we yeah right
we got warned we like the Bible has
gotten Us in so much trouble in so much
trouble oh God it's so graphic it's so
graphic give me the next one give me
give me the what is that is chewy de
possessed that's a good question that's
a good question I don't know Chey what
do you should we take a poll next time
right um you get in all seriousness you
have to love you have to love is coming
through the
words um and what's going on with these
people now let's watch something really
mysterious and frightening hit me with
the text the next text Chewy go oh there
we are yep there we are um and so what
happens this woman speaks up and she
happens to be just ripening hot and she
speaks out in this great voice and this
is what she says give me the next one
this is what she
says oh Apostle of this new God who's
coming to us here in India you servant
of the Holy One the one who is the one
good that's the one good God and it's
through you
apostle that this savior is announced to
the world and who is this savior he's
the savior of all those Souls that come
to him and on account of you the
bodies of these people are healed the
bodies of the
people who are beaten by the
devil do you know who I'm talking about
do you know who I'm talking about she's
about to tell you oh I come forward I
come forward Thomas because I got this
demon I got this sex demon now I'm gonna
ask those of you out there because I
know this terminology is foreign to you
but let me just put it this
way there are those of you out there
who've got sex
demons those sex demons make you do and
say funny things you usually project
them onto everybody around you right
that's usually what happens right it's
it's usually a projection of that demon
now the AP Apostles thanks to the
ministry of Jesus Christ the master
demon
exorcist cuz what do all the demons do
they run from Jesus you know why Jesus
Takes that girl or boy and Jesus casts
out that sex
demon now you want to enter into the
union of the bride of Christ
you don't have to be female you can be
male right and we've got an offer on the
side tonight's commercial is brought to
you by razor blades the ones that cut
off the unix's testicles you can go that
route
too right now that you have been
cleansed you know how many times it took
Jesus to cleanse Mary of her demons
right her sex demons took him seven
times
that's a lot of cleansing man because
I'm telling you they've got to give you
the drugs none of this works without the
drugs by the way right none of it works
without the drugs and I know you don't
believe me I'm going to show you a
passage tonight that is so Blasphemous
it could potentially blow the world
apart what is it what is it tell usam
what could be so Blasphemous it's a
Eucharist of
sex and it is the Eucharist handed down
down from Jesus Christ directly to
doubting
Thomas yeah
yeah yeah oh God is he doubting here I
don't think I haven't seen anything
about the doubting I think that was BS I
think that was BS right this is the one
every everybody calls FMA K
right um drug
user right and magi the one who m ERS
the magic just like those dudes that
brought Jesus drugs when he was born
though they didn't bring him to him they
brought him to his mommy who was the
Virgin that God had intercourse with
right everybody knows her fingers are
purple did you see or hear those
voices I Sor I hear the voices yeah yeah
guilty 90 right 93% that's pretty good
man you get a 93% conviction of a jury
in Athens good to go you're good to go
right it's so noisy those stupid trials
are so noisy right you're telling your
neighbors shut up I can't hear them did
you bring popcorn right no they didn't
have popcorn but um they had noisy
juries right why can they do this
because the language people we're about
to find out that it's language that
determines exactly where you are
mentally
psychologically historically everything
is language
right oh God you mean you can't have
geometry without mother GRE no fantastic
otherwise you got Egyptians who look
like this
right come on people give it to me what
happens here so coming look she says you
um this woman steps forward she says
look great Apostle we're bringing this
new God to us here right in India right
I know he's the savior saves all those
who come to him and heals the bodies of
those who are really just beaten up by
that sex demon right oh
God here's what I want you to do she
says tell people to take me to your
place you know wherever you are and when
I'm there I can tell you everything
that's happened you can bring me some
freaking hope you can bring me some
freaking hope give me the next one by
the way she's did I tell everybody that
the text is saying and she was hot right
really hot that's what the text is
saying right you didn't realize that
what
God who do we get to play this person
right um what happens to her did did she
get killed like that other one oh God
just watch okay ready are you ready
um what what does she say she says looki
am really
burdened right violently burdened by my
sex
demon right you know what I mean one of
those things I told you where we got to
go we got to go to the nymph Chaser you
want to heal you want your healing you
want your salvation you got to go to he
who is the highest he who is hoos which
is exactly what they call them here cuz
in those high places you know what they
do they become saders and they chase
around the nymphs they chase around the
nymphs and they all have Unix with them
did you bring your Unix I brought my
Unix this weekend come on come on
sheep it's gorgeous it's gorgeous it's
gorgeous um yeah give me the next one we
got a we got to rub rub our faces in it
are you ready she says look I got really
hot sex demon going on inside of me you
know what I mean she says look how' that
happen she says I'm telling you how that
happened look I was just a lady being a
lady right I was just sitting there
total
peace right I had nothing man I had no
interest whatsoever in anyone I didn't
want anything going on that's what I had
going on in my mind man I got nothing
for anybody else and what happened it
just so happened this one day I was at
the
bath right I had just oh you got to blow
it up to I'm
getting yep I was just at the baths
right and what happened this dude ready
here comes the creepiness this dude some
guy she says some guy came up right
stands right in front of me and what is
he like he's all disheveled he looks
confused he looks confused little bit
crazy in his voice he speaks out his
voice with his little tiny Whispering
voice it's hard to hear he's awkward the
dude is
awkward blow it up let me finish the
dude is awkward and what ises he what
does he say what does she say she says
he he walks up he stands right in front
of me and listen to this this is a
direct quote I'm going to translate this
is literally as I can from the black
Bible the acts of Thomas he says me and
you we're gonna be one
love and I'm Gonna Make Love to You Like
a Man does his
wife
seriously okay all
right
okay she's taking a bath
right typical hygiene responsible
Citizen and you and
I you know we are the cops of the
transdimensional cosmos and we got to
stop people like this right this poor
woman was sitting there taking a bath
this dude comes out and a cost her
that's an assault Brother you can't walk
up to somebody and tell them what you're
going to do to them
physically oh my God like a man and his
wife that's how I'm going to do
it what kind of creep where are the C
Roman authorities right now I'm going to
say it one more time I've been saying
this a
lot why do you think the Christians are
kicked out of every place they
go why do you think they're kicked
out yeah the kid only killed the girl
because he didn't want her to go into
that Union that Peter said that Thomas
said would kill her she won't have ionic
life it's not possible do you understand
this is people talk about me as being
dangerous do you know what danger is
danger is
this this Christian
philosophy is
dangerous right it's dangerous and this
is it at the base of your phony Faith
which is a detrius that was built up of
centuries of not being like this those
people created a faith which you hang
around and feel good and massage
yourself it's very me satisfying it's a
it's me time for
you yes but the problem is the stuff
wears off you needed the medicine that
would be able to show you the mirror so
you could see
yourself
right instead you just watch the forest
happen around you right that's the way
it is you lost your head you lost your
head give me the next one I want to see
this cult and I want to see what the
what the heck they're doing so she says
she's um the guy comes up and he says
this creepy stuff to her and then um
what happens she turns she says she
turns to her servant and she says did
you see did you see what that said that
guy said right what is what the what the
heck man right um give me the give me
the next one
um
boom there it is okay okay okay so she
tells him she says look you know she
answers to him in the look look dude I'm
gonna set you straight right I'm going
to set you straight what does she tell
the guy who comes out and says uh we're
going to get it on right creepo what
does she say to this
creeper she says look I was engaged at
one time and I decided not to pursue
that what makes you think which is a
great line in the
Greek what makes you think how do you
think I'm gonna give you right my self
what am I going to do hand myself over I
didn't even want the guy who wanted to
marry me right look at me I got no
interest right and when she said that it
says she left and then she turned to her
slave and she said to her did you see
right oh my God the kid what's what the
hell's going on did you see it was
shameful he he was so upfront he was so
upfront with his mouth right she doesn't
say it but you know she's like oh I want
to slap him in the face right punk you
creepy
Punk right um so when she says that her
servant says uh I didn't see a young guy
I saw an old guy and he was sitting with
there flirting with you doing homey Leto
stuff with you that's
flirtation right it's advancement he was
an old man in your bath watching
you perverts
total perverts and that's why we come to
this Dimension to arrest these people
somebody find that guy that girl's never
going to be comfortable again you want
to see what happened to her let's keep
reading let's keep reading bring me the
source again bring me the source and
what happens so um she goes home it says
she goes
home yep there we are and she has some
hopan she has a little bit of
sus right it's a little bit of Suspicion
is clouding her P her soul and most
especially because she saw the dude one
way and her servant saw him another this
thing really bothered her but she fell
asleep keep going and yeah keep going
we're going to translate directly and
what happened on that night okay Mr King
pay attention on that
[Music]
night he came to her and entered into
Union
with her in a
nasty dirty way a nasty deep way and
what
happened she saw him the next day he was
standing he was standing there and what'
she do she ran away she ran away
immediately because he came to her in
her
dream he knew it she knew it nobody else
would believe
her okay what happened what happened
isn't this wonderful it's gorgeous
gorgeous axe of Thomas baby give it to
me give it oh did we yep no that's it
and he entered into this kind of dirty
it says
Rupa right oh it's dirty mixing it's a
dirty mixing that they got going on it's
obviously she didn't like it right
right so she ran away from him the next
day and on the successive nights it says
he would come to her again and it says
he would pot her and the only nice way
to translate that is
abuse he would abuse her in her sleep he
would abuse her do you understand what's
she doing she's coming to the Apostle
for help why because the apostles have
all the power over the sax
demons
yay let's see let's see what's he say um
um what happens and now you see she says
it's been five years and what do you see
right in front of you you know she's
like this is the way it is I'm telling
you for five years he's been doing this
he never leaves me alone and he's
constantly he's constantly bothering
right and I know that you know the
science of demons and spirits and elor
race and what is an elor look at this
word people in Greek
aor it's an avenging Spirit or deity
with or without a diamone frequently in
tragedy right what is this avenging
spirit this is what the witches access
to get to you do you understand this is
what the witches access they know what
you did there no there's no way for you
to cover it up right it's gonna come out
right P dilicious
right oh God does anybody have baby oil
right here we go why it seems like it's
so tody when you bring it into the
modern when you bring Jesus Christ into
the modern dress it seems so TD R
everything he's doing doesn't it chewy
it's todrey that's a good word let's go
to the next let's go to the next one and
so what happens oh so the Apostle says
um wait a minute do we we didn't finish
the last one I'm sorry go back up one go
back up and so ah there we go there we
go right so um he's been doing this for
five years now she says I know that
you're able to cast out demons and
spirits and those avenging
Powers right and what happens those
those people tremble those demons they
Tremble When you pray brother so here's
what I want you to do I want you to pray
for me I want you to pray for me and I
want those demons to get scattered out
and I want to become free I want to
become of free of my sex demons and why
do I want to do that because I want to
be taken to the place of the archonic
nature nature wait wait what and the
Greek just took the exit on the Super
Highway and left you behind with your
English and whatever modern language
you're speaking right it's not just
English it's inferior bog treading
barbarism Bar Bar Bar
right where did she want to go she
wanted to go listen to this to her
archonic
nature oh what does that even mean
archonic right it's got to be the Primal
it's got to be that earliest or that
first
form that you were in in
nature right or and wait a minute some
of the Christians just went wait wa wait
a minute are we hearing the second atom
and that such thing we're talking about
the second Adam and the
twins the twins do you know what happens
when you make a holy love Union with
Jesus Christ after they have given you
drugs he chases away your sex demons
baby they won't come back they won't
come back now you will have to be sealed
on a regular basis oh wait a minute what
yeah they're going to have to give you
drugs on a regular basis there's
maintenance why do you think think the
communion is the communion right you
think really people really people do you
think this would have sold an Antiquity
bunch of dudes with Hats who never get
married walking around selling people
come to this building we'll give you a
wafer and a little bit of wine and you
can live forever when you
die thank you thank you for those of you
who write to me and say you always knew
that something was up with Christianity
when you actually hear what Christianity
was all of that makes sense now right
see these are the books that are banned
from the Bible specifically because you
would read them and
say okay no thanks no thanks you can
keep it all thank you very much the
communion and that stuff you're doing
with the drugs and the kids ah we'll
skip you know what who wants to be with
Jesus right those of you out there who
are Christians and I don't mean to I
don't mean
to um bring you a reality monest world
right Judaism Christianity Islam right I
don't mean to bring you the monest
reality right and just throw it in your
face but there is
shamefulness in your pasts there is
shamefulness it's dark it's dark and
it's so derogatory towards people's
Humanity oh God you're going to have to
stand someday next to Jesus Remember
that right everybody who's getting all
the evangelicals who are getting
resurrected right coming with the
Rapture you're all gonna have to
stand right next to a dude who is
arrested in a public park with a naked
kid this dude has no regard for Jack he
is a child
seller he is a
pimp a holy pimp who is christed with
stuff that makes him Jam
hard that's your
savior yeah give it to me was that too
much Che that was that was metal that
was for all the metal fans out there you
know what I mean that's normal spe to
them they're like oh look he's finally
talking normal not so damn nerdly right
love it okay here it is here it is oh
God who does now that she's come out and
said this what's going on and everything
right and how she needs to have this
demon purged what does Thomas say to her
oh that
devil wait what how did the devil get
involved in this what because she's got
a
thing serious I know how you can cure
this gayen tells me how you can cure
this right you want the directions right
oh God what do we now no we're going to
Christian this thing we're going to
Christian this thing we're GNA free her
soul right there there's got to be a
real pleasure in a group of boys who
have been abused by Jesus Christ going
out and abusing others giving a little
bit back do you see what the training
does it's rigorous religious training
but it's the way they do things give me
the give me the text let's show them
nobody ever believes me the last text
I'm about to show you in a couple of
slides is going to blow your mind nobody
nobody has seen this look what H well
people have seen it but nobody cares oh
God he's blaming the devil now and
Thomas comes out and he says oh
basanos what do you call the devil I'm
about to give you a gift satanic
congregation what do you call the devil
right everybody says oh he's the
accuser right you don't even know what
that means do you give me the basanos
give me the give it to me in Greek what
is it people look at this no it's the
last one very bottom there we go um what
is a basos right one who
bewitches this is not what you thought
it was it's one who bewitches
right now they say they're
slanderer right
slanderer right what do you do if you
give somebody that eye that is the eye
of
slander you give it to them you break
them down that's magic bro that's magic
what is the Devil he's not there to
convict you of crimes it's his kingdom
you're there to get punished and by the
way I have a seat for for you this text
describes hell and it allows us to go
there together so next time is our trip
to hell oh I'm gonna love it oh God it's
so delicious no I'm serious if you ever
tour hell right you know that you know
that guy Dante right all kudos to Dante
and all that kind of stuff right um
everybody loves a trip to Hell a trip to
Hell a trip to hell will
reinvigorate you once you see one form
of punishment oh God you want you want
to give it you know what I mean I I give
some of this too right you know what I
mean so you're gonna love it you're
gonna absolutely love it right how do we
do that yeah I hear somebody said it's
through dreams right demonic dreams give
me the next one boom I mean the one that
we're working on there we go yeah so he
says I just want you to see he's calling
the devil all sorts of bad names right
he says you never rest devil right
you're so shameful devil right you have
such evil in you what does he say right
you're it's just ugly and you make it
the beautiful ugly you're that polymorph
you're that one that has that incredible
ability to change shape you can appear
in whatever form you want but your
essence your USA
always right that usia is always always
going to be the same it's not able to
change and what is that essence you know
what he says he says eventually he says
that Essence is going to be what burns
you up devil that Essence is going to be
what burns you up what is that
Essence we're talking about sex demons
people this book of Acts says the number
one the root the root the number one
route the
way to sin
is through
sex right is through sex now do you
understand why Greek towns are throwing
these lunatics out their sex Maniacs
that are
masquerading as a religion oh you're G
to cure me okay what does it require you
mean I got to get naked and I got to do
what I got to use drugs I was just here
for the for the Stars man I just want to
meet some of these famous rappers that's
all I was coming for where's gangster G
oh he and P Diddy are in the back right
with Mary Magdalene what are they doing
they're doing this stuff that you see
before you right
now they called it chasing out your
demons now the question is that people
ask me why why you just leave it alone
why don't you just leave it alone with
Christianity somebody wanted to pay me
and get me involved in an Institute
where I could be someone to bring this
classical wisdom to the
world yeah I had to do one thing I had
to leave it alone so that I wouldn't
bother the monis and you know what I
said to that person what you want is
impossible you cannot pollute the CL
classical well with your
monism do you see why we do that people
we don't care about money we don't care
about Prestige this is still demonet not
monetized it's not demonetized it's just
never been monetized and they're still
finding a way to play commercials off
the FR every once in a while you know
they do that I'm sorry that they do that
I don't know if it's because we're
beating the algorithm and the algorithm
is saying these people should have some
kind of commercials with them or
something we got to sell we got to sell
sell sell you know what your religions
are they're all selling selling and
buying you frauds and you're about to
receive your destruction I'm so glad
everybody is so comfortable right chewy
we're gonna have to turn the heat up
again now we're gonna have to turn the
heat up everybody's so comfortable
yay yay do you really think that tyranny
is going to accept a democratic election
and what are you going to do when it
doesn't
Fantastic look what history does she
makes us she makes us bring out the best
she makes us she puts your face in it
and she says rise
rise oh God that's Athena baby that's
Athena Long Live Tom
Jefferson right love it love it I'll be
there for the union you Confederates and
you Nazis can suck it
yeah do you know your great great
grandfather was was uh involved anyway
let's keep
going and what happened what happened
here oh god um so as soon as he starts
talking about the devil Thomas is like
this devil and this he's doing this he's
a bad guy he's always working the sex
stuff and what happens the devil shows
up surprise surprise you spoke about him
and he showed up right oh God but the
only people that could see
him were the
Apostle and the poor girl who was over
sexed yeah she needed that release now
what's going on she's talking to
somebody that nobody else can see and
she's about to be handed over to a dude
dude who's going to seal her he's going
to give her more drugs put her into a
state that he can Cast Away her love her
pleasure her physical
satisfaction do you see what
Christianity wants to do it doesn't want
you to stop being horny because being
horny is bad it wants you to give your
horniness to the Lord Jesus
Christ and that is an awkward place to
be
right that is not a place of
Freedom it's not a place of Freedom you
serve a la days give me the next one
okay quick um I want to quickly just
give you uh I'm taking up too much of
your time tonight give me the next one
um and I don't want I don't want to I
know everybody has important stuff to do
so what is the point here um he says um
we're talking more about this servant
you know the servant of Jesus Christ
right oh God God just keep going just
keep going
um yeah okay look ultimately what
happens demon that's in the woman cries
out right cries out I'm leaving I'm
getting out of here right this poor
demon right he saw her right and he
wanted to help her right remember oh
God he wanted all he wanted was that
union he caught her coming out of the
baths and all he wanted was that
Union yeah did you know did you know
they caught
Zeus when she the Holy Queen was coming
out of the river you know what I mean
you know what he did yeah what do you
think what do you think that he did he
entered into that same Holy Communion
that produces saviors and sons of
God the there's no
wall between pagans and
Christians
Christianity is the development of pagan
mystery and the only reason you don't
know it is the theologians and Bible
scholars and historians who were
influenced by them they've been feeding
you garbage and you've been eating it
you gobble in the back alley we are back
alley
gobblers right that's what we are back
alley gobblers I think that was a team
what kind of mascot would you have for
the back alley gobblers Satan a
congregation please give me maybe it's a
turkey right gobble gobble gobble
something like that it is getting close
to November right here we go give me the
next I want people let's just get to the
climax here climax climax quick give me
this one are you ready this is when
you're tired and you're like look you
know you've been through this thing so
let's just uh get there to the Finish
point right oh next the one right before
this these last two are the biggies
there we go thank you very much
chewy fantastic okay um so the Apostle
starts putting his hands on
people and he says look this goodie from
the Lord right this is this is for this
boosts you into the ion
amen right and everybody's like Amen
brother and the woman says Hey Apostle
of the highest give to me the
seal right in order that this awful
demon might never come back to me right
might not return to
me so what did the Apostle do he brought
her in close to him grabbed her brought
her in close to him right he put his
hands sir put his hands on her and he
sealed her he sealed her right there and
guess what a lot of people got sealed
right then right then and they were like
set up the table and they took out a
table and they put a little stool out
there for her right cuz this is her
she's special dude right Paul is saying
stop Jude is saying stop doing this by
the way right right and they put her on
that stool oh God what are they gonna do
to what are they gonna do chewy I know I
know we got to show her we got to show
her what are they gonna do give me the
next one no the next one they got that
stool right and they took out this linen
cloth this L linen strip does that sound
familiar seen on a strip of linen they
put it on the little table and they put
right where did they put
there they put that little bread of the
eulogy
right right and what did they say what
did the Apostle say is it sitting there
he says oh
Jesus right you who deem us worthy of
enter enter of entering into sexual
intercourse in your Eucharist of your
holy body and
blood yeah look at us let's dare to jump
into the Eucharist
right it's the beginning of the orgy
people right right because they've all
drugged up so here it goes right right
and we're going to call on your name you
know what the shout is it's going to be
coming out of this Cave of people
drugged and getting all over each other
it's going to be all in the name of
Jesus come now
and take us to
coia right we looked at coin Anda last
time what it means take us there and
you're going to sit there and say no no
no no it's just this thing you know you
get together and you have ice cream it's
coin in ear right no give me the next
one let's throw it in their face people
show you how sexual this sex party of
Christianity
gets right come um he's screaming now
right come my beautiful precious little
initiations come what's he talking about
you know the word that he's talking
about it's a word that theocritus is
using it's for the love gift that a boy
gives you namely his
pooper okay stop stop that's is that the
yeah it's his backside it's his
sphincter right that's what he's giving
him that is the sweetness of the
initiation this is your church baby you
bunch of perverts you bunch of perverts
so he says now here's the proof look at
the fir look at the first line uh second
line it says El hey
COA to
Aros what do I want baby I want that
manmeat communion I want that man meat
this is the mystery of the
chosen right this is she who understands
the mysteries of the chosen one do you
understand that what are they doing
they're calling forth an tion this is
creepy but you don't get there without
the drugs and the sex it's part of the
Christian right right it's part of the
Christian right do you understand why
this material is so dangerous do you
understand why they would not want this
to be um public knowledge that
Christians were acting like this not
just Christians but the apostles
themselves right what if you captured
the apostles right in a giant net you
got them into a room together right
slick the floor with some oil store no
wait a minute that's the wrong that was
the wrong fantasy you get the apostles
all together and you find out from them
what kind of Acts are you doing with
these girls that you're saying are
gorgeous right and these boys that
you're saying are gorgeous and what is
it that is the devil in their mind that
you are actually casting out and please
pray tell Apostles why is it that every
civil Authority either puts you in jail
kicks you out of town after beating you
up right or kills
you right right you realize this dude
that we're talking about you know where
he ends up he ends up crucified with his
head
down
right you'll find out why that was
because in
hell yes yes it gives new meaning to the
book of Acts yes in
hell right um that is a very specific
punishment for a very specific type of
person that anybody anybody free today
or in a prison could look at it and say
yeah that person deserves that
definitely do you understand there's a
Justice deeper than any
books anywhere and that is what the Muse
get gives us that's why we make the book
so that we can show The Muse in her song
Beautiful um that last one one more time
I think it was no this one one before
one before boom okay so let's just
finish up what happens look at the
second
line come to right come what what do I
really want I really want that communion
with the man part and um what does that
make me it makes makes me the one who
has the knowledge of the mystery right
perhaps there's only certain people who
would understand this you know what I
mean come to me she who brings us that
intercourse in all sorts of athletic
struggles
come
silence come she who
brings that which is the greatest of all
things out of the darkness into the
light thank you so much come she who
shows forth the Apocrypha
come right she who reveals that which
cannot be spoken and who is she she is
hey
per she is that Holy
Dove do you understand who we're
invoking the person who is in the right
the the girl who is receiving the drug
is invoking Aphrodite in a sex
right with an
apostle if you are not comfortable with
that next time you look up at the walls
of your church you see those
windows and you see the Acts of the
Apostles
remember there are some acts that you
don't know about and that
gets our goat doesn't it get our goat
chewy thank you for coming
tonight um panelope please everybody in
the congregation take a minute just to
gaze at Penelope's cross and to realize
that the cross of Jesus Christ hides a
multitude of sins it covers a multitude
of
sin this satanic initiation we learn to
appreciate what is beyond the cross I
love you Penelope now go home sweetie
fantastic thank you for coming tonight
thank you very much for coming tonight
Al and you will continue next week but I
had a couple of things that I really
needed to bring you and it's not over I
still have one more very
important
episode and it's an episode that really
challenges um how how how much we can
actually literally translate this thing
right that's what it comes down to right
how can people afford to be bombarded
with this reality and that's what we're
coming to now I want you next time that
we meet I want you to make
sure that you are very respectfully
sitting on that Throne of Satan and that
you are appreciating
the mystery of
lawlessness thanks for coming tonight
hail Satan make itain burning
purple cast a spell on you in a
circle High fire
gasoline make it rainbow
dream Hil Satan blazs with St Vincent
prico magic W with the volan
[Music]
House of
Frankenstein the wizard walks by Make It
Rain burning
purple and cast a spell on you in a
circle pop fire feel the
burn wreak like IND theica [ __ ] with
your heard I'm shining bright like
Jackie Nicholson my girl is Shelly duol
snow blind on the Peak BB at the Players
Ball sugar pop sugar pop sugar pop dope
sugar pop sugar pop do your makeup mod
Coca-Cola face Magneto laser Ray Mark Mo
with a Z on your head like Zoro Hillside
Lone Ranger Tree Line
Gonzo Make It Rain burnning
purple cast a spell on you in a circle
hot fire
gasoline make it rainbow dream